CASMTRIAGE-8032 update slingshot and management network switch firmware updates after management nodes rollout (#5856)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/slingshot_management_network_switch_updates.md

# Perform Slingshot switch and management network switch firmware updates

> 

Reviewer: Would it be reasonable to note that switch firmware updates may cause temporary interrupts in network traffic during the upgrade procedure at the start of this section?

Author: Yes, I have added this note.

This section updates the Slingshot switch and management network switch firmware updates.

- [1. Perform Slingshot switch firmware updates](#1-perform-slingshot-switch-firmware-updates)
- [2. Perform management network switch firmware updates](#2-perform-management-network-switch-firmware-updates)

## 1. Perform Slingshot switch firmware updates

> **`NOTE`** This subsection is optional and can be skipped if upgrading only CSM through IUF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`NOTE`** This subsection is only required if a new version of the slingshot product is being installed by IUF
```

Instructions to perform Slingshot switch firmware updates are provided in the "Upgrade HPE Slingshot switch firmware in a CSM environment" section of the _HPE Slingshot Installation Guide for CSM_.

Once this step has completed:

- Slingshot switch firmware has been updated

## 2. Perform management network switch firmware updates

**`NOTE`** This section is optional and can be skipped or deferred unless network configuration that requires updated firmware is being applied to the system.

> Management network switch firmware is shipped in the HPC Firmware Pack (HFP) product tarball.

Reviewer: Is this true for non-HPE branded switches (e.g. Dell, Mellanox)?

Reviewer 2: It does appear that the Dell and Mellanox firmware is no longer in HFP however the recommended firmware revisions for these switches have not changed since CSM 1.2

Author: No changes are needed since these switches have not changed since CSM 1.2.

Refer to [Update Management Network Firmware](../../network/management_network/firmware/update_management_network_firmware.md) for instructions on performing the switch firmware update.

> **`NOTE`** The firmware on spine, leaf, and CDU switches can be updated without disruption. Air-cooled compute nodes, their BMCs, and other air-cooled devices

Reviewer: This paragraph seems to say two conflicting things.

Author: I copied this paragraph from how it was written in the other section. Do you have a suggestion on how to improve the wording? Or should it be removed all together or left as is?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand what the conflict is here. spine, leaf, and CDU switches run VSX and can be upgraded without an interrupt. leaf-bmc switches are not redundant.

Author: I will leave this as is.
